[EDU-6322] refactor: nodejs compatibility docs (#1563)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/node-polyfills/string-decoder.mdx

---

> title: Azion Runtime and Node.js API compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Azion Runtime and Node.js API compatibility - String Decoder
```

description: >-
  Explore the compatibility and integration of Node.js APIs and polyfills with
  the Azion Edge Runtime, enhancing JavaScript execution in edge environments.
permalink: /documentation/products/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/node/string-decoder/
meta_tags: >-
  Azion Edge, Node.js compatibility, JavaScript runtime, Node APIs, polyfills,
  Node.js polyfills, runtime APIs, Edge Runtime, edge computing, String decoder
namespace: documentation_products_azion_runtime_node_string_decoder
menu_namespace: runtimeMenu
---

> The string_decoder module in Node.js provides a way to decode buffer objects into strings. It is particularly useful when working with streams of binary data, allowing developers to convert raw binary data into readable strings while handling different character encodings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `string_decoder` module in Node.js provides a way to decode buffer objects into strings. It's particularly useful when working with streams of binary data, allowing developers to convert raw binary data into readable strings while handling different character encodings.
```

> The `string_decoder` module in Node.js provides a way to decode buffer objects into strings. It is particularly useful when working with streams of binary data, allowing developers to convert raw binary data into readable strings while handling different character encodings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `string_decoder` module in Node.js provides a way to decode buffer objects into strings. It's particularly useful when working with streams of binary data, allowing developers to convert raw binary data into readable strings while handling different character encodings.
```

```javascript
/**

>  * An Example of using Node.js StringDecoder API in a Azion Edge Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * An example of using Node.js StringDecoder API in an Azion Edge Function.
```

 * Support:
 * - Partially supported (Extended by library `string_decoder`)
 * @module runtime-apis/nodejs/string-decoder/main
 * @example
 * // Execute with Azion Bundler:
 * npx edge-functions build
 * npx edge-functions dev
 */
import string_decoder from "node:string_decoder";

/**

>  * An example of using the Node.js StringDecoder API in a Azion Edge Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * An example of using the Node.js StringDecoder API in an Azion Edge Function.
```
